missing=Please fill in this field
error.path.missing=A value is required for the property ''{0}''
error.disability.unknown=Unknown disability
error.medication.unknown=Unknown medication
error.registrationreferral.unknown=Unknown referral type
error.required.list=Please choose at least one option
error.counsellingType.unknown=Unknown counselling type
error.previousCounselling.unknown=Unknown previous counselling type
error.appointmentAvailability.unknown=Unknown appointment availability type
error.appointmentAvailability.missing=Please select an availability
error.optimisticLocking=This has changed since you started editing (it was probably edited by somebody else)
error.userIds.invalid=These user codes are invalid: {0}
error.caseType.invalid=Please select a valid case type

flash.client.summary.updated=Client summary updated
flash.client.registration.invited=Invitation to register sent to client
flash.enquiry.received=Your enquiry has been received
flash.enquiry.reassigned=The enquiry has been reassigned to {0}
flash.enquiry.owners.updated=Enquiry owners updated
flash.enquiry.Closed=The enquiry has been closed
flash.enquiry.Reopened=The enquiry has been reopened
flash.registration.complete=Registration complete
flash.registration.updated=Registration updated